capital = 1149

oob = "AVA_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
}



set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 10
	communism = 5
		#banned = no #default is no
	monarchism = 65
	neutrality = 5
}

set_convoys = 80

#characters
#political leaders
recruit_character = AVA_conservatism_leader
recruit_character = AVA_leninism_leader
recruit_character = AVA_gen_nazism_leader
recruit_character = AVA_oligarchism_leader
recruit_character = AVA_king_leader
#military leaders
recruit_character = AVA_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = AVA_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = AVA_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = AVA_corps_commander_4
#advisors
recruit_character = AVA_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = AVA_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = AVA_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = AVA_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = AVA_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = AVA_prince_of_terror
#theorists
recruit_character = AVA_military_theorist
recruit_character = AVA_air_warfare_theorist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = AVA_army_chief_defensive_2
recruit_character = AVA_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = AVA_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = AVA_army_armored_1
recruit_character = AVA_army_entrenchment_3
recruit_character = AVA_air_close_air_support_2
