capital = 1233

oob = "AWA_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.12.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 66
		fascism = 14
		communism = 20

	}
set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = AWA_ahonui_pinati
recruit_character = AWA_haku_mumea
recruit_character = AWA_halemano_faga
recruit_character = AWA_halialoha_mauiliu
recruit_character = AWA_inoa_mataafa
recruit_character = AWA_hailani_taleni
recruit_character = AWA_akalona_tuitama
recruit_character = AWA_pomare_hekekia
recruit_character = AWA_kekino_keahi
recruit_character = AWA_aalona_karama
recruit_character = AWA_ura_hale
recruit_character = AWA_liko_rongo
recruit_character = AWA_rewi_kapure
recruit_character = AWA_rutu_iona
recruit_character = AWA_kelekolio_kekoa
recruit_character = AWA_ahuura_arana
recruit_character = AWA_uati_kahue
recruit_character = AWA_ruatapu_kamearoha
recruit_character = AWA_uinirau_kaiwi
recruit_character = AWA_keao_parakiko
recruit_character = AWA_kiwa_lani
recruit_character = AWA_turoa_kahananui
recruit_character = AWA_ahohako_maherona
recruit_character = AWA_siaosi_kapule
recruit_character = AWA_liona_kura
recruit_character = AWA_dawid_taaronga
recruit_character = AWA_kopaka_hine

#military leaders
recruit_character = AWA_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = AWA_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = AWA_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = AWA_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = AWA_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = AWA_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = AWA_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = AWA_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = AWA_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = AWA_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = AWA_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = AWA_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = AWA_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = AWA_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = AWA_silent_workhorse
#theorists
#military chiefs
recruit_character = AWA_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = AWA_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = AWA_air_chief_reform_2
