capital = 910

oob = "CNJ_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.8.24"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 40
}
	
set_convoys = 150
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = CNJ_eylo_alava
recruit_character = CNJ_gonzalo_diaz
recruit_character = CNJ_rodrigo_todorov
recruit_character = CNJ_vela_tellez
recruit_character = CNJ_munio_vigilaz
recruit_character = CNJ_diego_sanjurjo
recruit_character = CNJ_emilio_espartero
recruit_character = CNJ_alberto_rojo
recruit_character = CNJ_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = CNJ_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = CNJ_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = CNJ_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = CNJ_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = CNJ_roberto_hinojosa
recruit_character = CNJ_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = CNJ_alberto_ostria_gutierrez
recruit_character = CNJ_enrique_finot
recruit_character = CNJ_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = CNJ_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = CNJ_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = CNJ_jose_maria_gutierrez
recruit_character = CNJ_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = CNJ_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = CNJ_hector_bilbao_roja
#military leaders
recruit_character = CNJ_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = CNJ_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = CNJ_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = CNJ_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = CNJ_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = CNJ_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = CNJ_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = CNJ_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = CNJ_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = CNJ_anti_communist_crusader
#recruit_character = CNJ_armaments_organizer
#recruit_character = CNJ_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = CNJ_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = CNJ_communist_revolutionary
#recruit_character = CNJ_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = CNJ_democratic_reformer
#recruit_character = CNJ_economist
recruit_character = CNJ_editor
recruit_character = CNJ_fascist_demagogue
#recruit_character = CNJ_financial_expert
#recruit_character = CNJ_head_of_intelligence
#recruit_character = CNJ_ideological_crusader
#recruit_character = CNJ_popular_figurehead
#recruit_character = CNJ_prince_of_terror
#recruit_character = CNJ_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = CNJ_smooth_talking_charmer
#recruit_character = CNJ_war_industrialist
#theorists
#recruit_character = CNJ_naval_aviation_pioneer
#recruit_character = CNJ_victory_through_airpower
#recruit_character = CNJ_nuclear_scientist
#recruit_character = CNJ_rocket_scientist
#military chiefs
#recruit_character = CNJ_army_chief_drill_2
#recruit_character = CNJ_army_chief_maneuver_2
#recruit_character = CNJ_army_chief_morale_2
#recruit_character = CNJ_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = CNJ_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = CNJ_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = CNJ_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = CNJ_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = CNJ_army_armored_1
recruit_character = CNJ_army_entrenchment_1
#recruit_character = CNJ_army_infantry_1
#recruit_character = CNJ_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = CNJ_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = CNJ_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = CNJ_navy_screen_2
recruit_character = CNJ_navy_anti_submarine_1
#recruit_character = CNJ_navy_naval_air_defense_2
