capital = 860

oob = "GEQ_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_stability = 0.72


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 70
	neutrality = 15
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = GEQ_qorprujj_drmrilu
recruit_character = GEQ_horujj_uaqril
recruit_character = GEQ_jjimi_henjriqs
recruit_character = GEQ_bob_is_back
recruit_character = GEQ_qaj_tsimirqi
recruit_character = GEQ_naqfu_sohollo
recruit_character = GEQ_najjan_ellismuri
recruit_character = GEQ_tlamostlo_tsipir
recruit_character = GEQ_dayum_itlit

#military leaders
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = GEQ_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = GEQ_naval_leader_1
#advisors
recruit_character = GEQ_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = GEQ_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = GEQ_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = GEQ_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = GEQ_head_of_intelligence
recruit_character = GEQ_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = GEQ_prince_of_terror
#theorists
recruit_character = GEQ_military_theorist
recruit_character = GEQ_air_warfare_theorist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_maneuver_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = GEQ_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = GEQ_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = GEQ_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = GEQ_air_close_air_support_2

