capital = 1066

oob = "GOP_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 52
	fascism = 20
	communism = 28
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = GOP_prisqirjj_sioqrus
recruit_character = GOP_bob
recruit_character = GOP_uorq_fasmiqr
recruit_character = GOP_muuris_sauqori
recruit_character = GOP_nurq_smar
recruit_character = GOP_letut_tsitlalli
recruit_character = GOP_nuresaq_itlit
recruit_character = GOP_evrun_gahrijjeom
recruit_character = GOP_murjiq_orqijun
recruit_character = GOP_sayado_puulran
recruit_character = GOP_ezizi_gyulqun
recruit_character = GOP_midja_mahriq
recruit_character = GOP_chameru_dahijjiq
recruit_character = GOP_maigul_guruz
recruit_character = GOP_dzaris_tseminui
recruit_character = GOP_ergun_landiq
recruit_character = GOP_laqanziz_djuntsa
recruit_character = GOP_duqum_nietalli
recruit_character = GOP_orutli_usamirez
recruit_character = GOP_mairat_hyrden
recruit_character = GOP_dzozef_magadi
recruit_character = GOP_hualpor_dusur
recruit_character = GOP_arpren_tsisram
recruit_character = GOP_enli_usasor
recruit_character = GOP_harul_ijjris
recruit_character = GOP_dzor_gindi
recruit_character = GOP_marejja_dzor
recruit_character = GOP_gordnau_hajjise
recruit_character = GOP_surumuj_anuasid
