capital = 1184

oob = "IKA_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.12.10"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

recruit_character = IKA_lolani_taleni
recruit_character = IKA_akalona_lamego
recruit_character = IKA_ihipa_simi
recruit_character = IKA_ewe_liuka
recruit_character = IKA_aperhama_tanumafili
recruit_character = IKA_mako_sau_la
recruit_character = IKA_haoena_takaloa
recruit_character = IKA_tobi_oriata
recruit_character = IKA_uinirau_kaiwi
recruit_character = IKA_ruatapu_kamearoha
recruit_character = IKA_kiwa_lani
recruit_character = IKA_liko_rongo
recruit_character = IKA_ahuura_arana
recruit_character = IKA_siaosi_kapule
recruit_character = IKA_kekino_keahi
recruit_character = IKA_rewi_kapure
recruit_character = IKA_ura_hale
recruit_character = IKA_uati_kahue
recruit_character = IKA_liona_kura
recruit_character = IKA_pomare_hekekia
recruit_character = IKA_ahohako_maherona
recruit_character = IKA_rutu_iona
recruit_character = IKA_aalona_karama
recruit_character = IKA_keao_parakiko
recruit_character = IKA_dawid_taaronga
recruit_character = IKA_kelekolio_kekoa
recruit_character = IKA_turoa_kahananui
recruit_character = IKA_kopaka_hine

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 46
		fascism = 14
		communism = 32
		monarchism = 8

	}
set_convoys = 40
