capital = 1054

oob = "KKA_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 39
	fascism = 4
	communism = 4
	#banned = no #default is no
	monarchism = 23
	neutrality = 30
}


recruit_character = KKA_H_Tamdrinetta
recruit_character = KKA_P_T_Indrimeshna
recruit_character = KKA_S_Drumuvatali
recruit_character = KKA_G_Norundenna
recruit_character = KKA_linggruta_handruvarti
recruit_character = KKA_amshanartha_inswagatal

recruit_character = KKA_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = KKA_war_industrialist
recruit_character = KKA_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = KKA_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = KKA_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = KKA_democratic_politician
recruit_character = KKA_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = KKA_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = KKA_grand_fleet_proponent
recruit_character = KKA_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = KKA_rocket_scientist
recruit_character = KKA_naval_theorist
recruit_character = KKA_military_theorist
recruit_character = KKA_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = KKA_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = KKA_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = KKA_army_chief_planning_2
recruit_character = KKA_navy_fleet_logistics_3
recruit_character = KKA_navy_chief_decisive_battle_3
recruit_character = KKA_navy_chief_maneuver_3
recruit_character = KKA_air_strategic_bombing_2
recruit_character = KKA_air_chief_old_guard
recruit_character = KKA_air_strategic_bombing_1
recruit_character = KKA_navy_screen_2	
recruit_character = KKA_army_regrouping_1
recruit_character = KKA_navy_capital_ship_3
set_convoys = 80
