capital = 982

oob = "LSN_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 24
	communism = 27
	#banned = no #default is no
	neutrality = 41
	mandalism = 8
}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = LSN_onpadama_geshanta
recruit_character = LSN_judenna_wikravva
recruit_character = LSN_c_b_antarnidra
recruit_character = LSN_parandish_teminasokoth
recruit_character = LSN_l_lugunnandra
recruit_character = LSN_ertushat_nekindra
recruit_character = LSN_maneuver_2
recruit_character = LSN_capital_ship_2
recruit_character = LSN_naval_theorist
recruit_character = LSN_quartermaster_gen
recruit_character = LSN_logistics_2
recruit_character = LSN_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = LSN_mil_theorist
recruit_character = LSN_ground_support_2
recruit_character = LSN_air_theorist
recruit_character = LSN_defensive_2
recruit_character = LSN_commerce_raiding_2
recruit_character = LSN_regrouping_2
recruit_character = LSN_night_ops_2
recruit_character = LSN_offensive_2
recruit_character = LSN_backstabber

#military leaders
recruit_character = LSN_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = LSN_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = LSN_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = LSN_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = LSN_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = LSN_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = LSN_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = LSN_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = LSN_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = LSN_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = LSN_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = LSN_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = LSN_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = LSN_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = LSN_silent_workhorse
#theorists
