capital = 841

oob = "MNQ_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.4.14"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
		democratic = 20
		fascism = 11
		communism = 27
		neutrality = 42
	}
set_convoys = 150
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = MNQ_analisa_escudero_de_huertero
recruit_character = MNQ_iago_maria_borrodo
recruit_character = MNQ_madroi_umiare
recruit_character = MNQ_amadeus_albazal
recruit_character = MNQ_pablo_pablito_de_urqiza
recruit_character = MNQ_adolphe_ortega
recruit_character = MNQ_rafael_valdes
recruit_character = MNQ_german_busch_beccera
recruit_character = MNQ_alberto_ostria_gutierrez
recruit_character = MNQ_gualberto_villarroel_lopez
recruit_character = MNQ_julian_montellano_carrasco
recruit_character = MNQ_hector_bilbao_roja
recruit_character = MNQ_carlos_altamirano
recruit_character = MNQ_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = MNQ_gil_ibarra_juarez
recruit_character = MNQ_enrique_finot
recruit_character = MNQ_tomas_monje_gutierrez
recruit_character = MNQ_jose_santos_quinteros
recruit_character = MNQ_enrique_baldivieso_aparicio
recruit_character = MNQ_jose_maria_gutierrez
recruit_character = MNQ_david_toro_ruilova
recruit_character = MNQ_fabian_vaca_chavez
recruit_character = MNQ_roberto_hinojosa

#military leaders
recruit_character = MNQ_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = MNQ_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = MNQ_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = MNQ_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = MNQ_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = MNQ_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = MNQ_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = MNQ_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = MNQ_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = MNQ_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = MNQ_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = MNQ_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = MNQ_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = MNQ_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = MNQ_smooth_talking_charmer
#theorists
recruit_character = MNQ_military_theorist
recruit_character = MNQ_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = MNQ_naval_theorist
#military chiefs
recruit_character = MNQ_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = MNQ_army_chief_organizational_1
recruit_character = MNQ_navy_chief_decisive_battle_2
recruit_character = MNQ_navy_chief_naval_aviation_2
recruit_character = MNQ_air_chief_ground_support_2
recruit_character = MNQ_air_chief_reform_2
recruit_character = MNQ_army_armored_1
recruit_character = MNQ_army_entrenchment_1
recruit_character = MNQ_army_infantry_1
recruit_character = MNQ_army_logistics_2
recruit_character = MNQ_air_bomber_interception_2
recruit_character = MNQ_air_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = MNQ_navy_screen_2
