capital = 927

oob = "MNU_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
    limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
        set_technology = {
            aa_lmg = 1
            engines_1 = 1
            engines_2 = 1
            early_bombs = 1
            aircraft_construction = 1
            iw_small_airframe = 1
            iw_medium_airframe = 1
            iw_large_airframe = 1
            basic_medium_airframe = 1
            basic_small_airframe = 1
        }
    else = {
        set_technology = {
            early_fighter = 1
            cv_early_fighter = 1
            cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
            naval_bomber1 = 1
            early_bomber = 1
            CAS1 = 1
        }
    }
}

set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	fascism = 40
	communism = 10
}
	
recruit_character = MNU_harald_neumann
recruit_character = MNU_august_ritter
recruit_character = MNU_jorg_strauss
recruit_character = MNU_konrad_keller
recruit_character = MNU_julius_raab
recruit_character = MNU_leopold_figl
recruit_character = MNU_josef_teufl
recruit_character = MNU_eugen_beyer
recruit_character = MNU_lothar_rendulic
recruit_character = MNU_otto_schobel
recruit_character = MNU_viktor_seebauer
recruit_character = MNU_arthur_seyss_inquart
recruit_character = MNU_julius_yllam
recruit_character = MNU_odilo_globocnik
recruit_character = MNU_paul_von_hegedus
recruit_character = MNU_otto_meixner_von_zweienstamm
recruit_character = MNU_eduard_freiherr
recruit_character = MNU_franz_bohme
recruit_character = MNU_wilhelm_zehner
recruit_character = MNU_alexander_lohr
recruit_character = MNU_ernst_kaltenbrunner
