capital = 1208

oob = "NLI_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 92
	fascism = 6
	communism = 2
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = NLI_peter_f_brewer
recruit_character = NLI_david_northumbrian
recruit_character = NLI_charles_de_plantagenet
recruit_character = NLI_paul_william_houndstooth
recruit_character = NLI_george_livingston_iii
recruit_character = NLI_russell_lyons
recruit_character = NLI_cyril_moresby
recruit_character = NLI_jack_beasley
recruit_character = NLI_charles_burnett
recruit_character = NLI_herbert_v_evatt
recruit_character = NLI_arthur_calwell
recruit_character = NLI_robert_g_menzies
recruit_character = NLI_john_lavarack
recruit_character = NLI_frank_forde
recruit_character = NLI_generic_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = NLI_arthur_drakeford
recruit_character = NLI_vernon_sturdee
recruit_character = NLI_james_fairbairn
recruit_character = NLI_sydney_rowell
recruit_character = NLI_clive_caldwell
recruit_character = NLI_ragnar_colvin
recruit_character = NLI_ben_chifley
recruit_character = NLI_richard_williams
recruit_character = NLI_edmund_herring
recruit_character = NLI_arthur_allen
recruit_character = NLI_cederic_hicks
recruit_character = NLI_john_collins
recruit_character = NLI_jack_crace
recruit_character = NLI_alexander_hore_ruthven
recruit_character = NLI_lance_sharkey
recruit_character = NLI_norman_makin

#military leaders
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = NLI_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = NLI_naval_leader_5
