capital = 1130

oob = "TOD_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.8.24"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 20
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 45
}

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = TOD_mauricio_ovoron
recruit_character = TOD_inigo_montoya
recruit_character = TOD_ramiro_antonio_idiazabalez
recruit_character = TOD_tomas_angelico_todorov
recruit_character = TOD_juan_pablo_iglesias
recruit_character = TOD_mateo_millanastray
recruit_character = TOD_ignacio_de_albornoz
recruit_character = TOD_gaspar_espartero
recruit_character = TOD_raimundo_narvaez
recruit_character = TOD_pascual_munoz
recruit_character = TOD_nicolas_cabrera
recruit_character = TOD_benito_franco
recruit_character = TOD_mariano_yague
recruit_character = TOD_damaso_bugallal
recruit_character = TOD_calixto_maroto
recruit_character = TOD_melchor_martinezcampos
recruit_character = TOD_segismundo_de_carvajal
recruit_character = TOD_sebastian_de_orleans
recruit_character = TOD_joaquin_gonzalez
recruit_character = TOD_federico_topete
recruit_character = TOD_juan_julio_mina
recruit_character = TOD_leopoldo_p._hevia
recruit_character = TOD_gabino_cervera
recruit_character = TOD_pedro_alonso
recruit_character = TOD_agustin_n_allendesalazar
recruit_character = TOD_dos_uno
recruit_character = TOD_bufo_mufo
recruit_character = TOD_dos_tres
recruit_character = TOD_abrir_cerrar
recruit_character = TOD_dino_dino
recruit_character = TOD_tino_tino
recruit_character = TOD_mingo_pingo
recruit_character = TOD_uno_dos
recruit_character = TOD_lucas_pucas
recruit_character = TOD_seis_siete
recruit_character = TOD_once_doce
recruit_character = TOD_sino_sino
recruit_character = TOD_queso_diego
recruit_character = TOD_tres_dos
recruit_character = TOD_zorro_toro
recruit_character = TOD_quatro_tres
recruit_character = TOD_diez_onze
recruit_character = TOD_toro_zorro
recruit_character = TOD_ocho_nueve
recruit_character = TOD_manzana_queso
recruit_character = TOD_go_diego
recruit_character = TOD_rana_manzana
recruit_character = TOD_cinco_seis
recruit_character = TOD_ieeeee_aaaa
recruit_character = TOD_tres_quatro
recruit_character = TOD_siete_ocho
recruit_character = TOD_pino_pino
recruit_character = TOD_cerrar_abrir
recruit_character = TOD_manzana_diego
recruit_character = TOD_diego_diogo
recruit_character = TOD_seis_cinco
recruit_character = TOD_inigo_pinigo
recruit_character = TOD_mino_mino
recruit_character = TOD_loro_poro
recruit_character = TOD_quatro_cinco
recruit_character = TOD_cinco_quatro
recruit_character = TOD_lino_lino
recruit_character = TOD_rana_pana
recruit_character = TOD_dos_porquerias
recruit_character = TOD_tuna_diego
recruit_character = TOD_banana_diego
recruit_character = TOD_digo_digo
set_convoys = 150