capital = 937

oob = "NYB_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 48
	fascism = 20
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 20
}

set_convoys = 60

recruit_character = NYB_aksel_jepsen
recruit_character = NYB_julius_frandsen
recruit_character = NYB_anders_thomsen
recruit_character = NYB_wilhelm_mikkelsen
recruit_character = NYB_peter_poulsen
recruit_character = NYB_poul_wedelheinen
recruit_character = NYB_poul_sommer
recruit_character = NYB_viggo_kampman
recruit_character = NYB_knud_kristensen
recruit_character = NYB_carl_hammerich
recruit_character = NYB_kaj_birksted
recruit_character = NYB_wilhelm_prior
recruit_character = NYB_ebbe_gortz
recruit_character = NYB_aage_vedel
recruit_character = NYB_william_wain_prior
recruit_character = NYB_ejnar_warum
recruit_character = NYB_hjalmar_rechnitzer
recruit_character = NYB_hans_lunding
recruit_character = NYB_hans_a_rolsted
recruit_character = NYB_christian_frederik_von_schalburg

#military leaders
recruit_character = NYB_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = NYB_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = NYB_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = NYB_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = NYB_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = NYB_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = NYB_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = NYB_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = NYB_naval_leader_5
#advisors
recruit_character = NYB_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = NYB_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = NYB_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = NYB_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = NYB_ideological_crusader
recruit_character = NYB_prince_of_terror
