capital = 1083

oob = "RGD_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "RGD_1936_naval"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "RGD_1936_naval"
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 40
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.05


1939.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 670
	
	oob = "RGD_1939"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_naval_oob = "RGD_1936_naval"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "RGD_1936_naval"
		}
	}
	
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_refining2 = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		dispersed_industry3 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.7.1"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 45
	fascism = 7
	communism = 26
	neutrality = 22
}

recruit_character = RGD_VCdeESPINOZA
recruit_character = RGD_rogelio_cabrero_de_cunado
recruit_character = RGD_A_Ortega
recruit_character = RGD_H_ESTEVEZ
recruit_character = RGD_A_LOSA
recruit_character = RGD_H_Gomez
recruit_character = RGD_D_E_Terrazas
recruit_character = RGD_L_J_Hierra
recruit_character = RGD_J_P_de_la_Risa
recruit_character = RGD_X_Rosales
recruit_character = RGD_TN_Quesada
recruit_character = RGD_R_P_PORRAS
recruit_character = RGD_S_P_de_Nunez
recruit_character = RGD_R_Ochoa
recruit_character = RGD_ramon_fregoso
recruit_character = RGD_juanito_gil
recruit_character = RGD_marcos_bilbao
recruit_character = RGD_reynaldo_caraveo
recruit_character = RGD_curro_rabago
recruit_character = RGD_eustaquio_manriquez
recruit_character = RGD_luis_capetillo
recruit_character = RGD_maximiliano_gabaldon
recruit_character = RGD_renato_aro
recruit_character = RGD_guillermo_gonzalvez
recruit_character = RGD_alberto_canizares
recruit_character = RGD_julio_canino
recruit_character = RGD_mario_castaneda
recruit_character = RGD_geraldo_casiano
recruit_character = RGD_tito_galindo
recruit_character = RGD_oscar_ferraz
recruit_character = RGD_agustin_isidro
recruit_character = RGD_pablo_mandujano
recruit_character = RGD_emilio_encarnacion
recruit_character = RGD_cesar_duran
recruit_character = RGD_simon_tercio
recruit_character = RGD_diego_pascual_paz
recruit_character = RGD_claudio_cara_de_ortegon
recruit_character = RGD_rainerio_candella
#characters
#military leaders
recruit_character = RGD_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = RGD_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = RGD_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = RGD_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = RGD_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = RGD_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = RGD_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = RGD_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = RGD_naval_leader_5
#advisors
#theorists
#military chiefs
