capital = 972

oob = "RTR_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1930.10.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 92
	fascism = 6
	communism = 2
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

recruit_character = RTR_robert_haining
recruit_character = RTR_reginald_p_duckman
recruit_character = RTR_alistair_bruce
recruit_character = RTR_edgar_houses
recruit_character = RTR_andrew_wiggin
recruit_character = RTR_william_thesiger
recruit_character = RTR_cyril_haig
recruit_character = RTR_offensive_2
recruit_character = RTR_logistics_2
recruit_character = RTR_regrouping_2
recruit_character = RTR_quartermaster_gen
recruit_character = RTR_maneuver_2
recruit_character = RTR_backstabber
recruit_character = RTR_naval_theorist
recruit_character = RTR_air_theorist
recruit_character = RTR_capital_ship_2
recruit_character = RTR_defensive_2
recruit_character = RTR_night_ops_2
recruit_character = RTR_ground_support_2
recruit_character = RTR_close_air_support_2
recruit_character = RTR_commerce_raiding_2
recruit_character = RTR_prince_of_terror

#military leaders
recruit_character = RTR_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = RTR_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = RTR_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = RTR_corps_commander_4
#advisors
recruit_character = RTR_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = RTR_democratic_reformer
recruit_character = RTR_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = RTR_smooth_talking_charmer

