capital = 1156

oob = "SCP_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
}

set_variable = {var = piss_off_index value = 5}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.1.22"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

add_ideas = {
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 89
	neutrality = 3
	fascism = 6
	communism = 2
}
	
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = new_brittania_research
}

set_convoys = 80

#Political Leaders
recruit_character = SCP_Sir_A_M_Chaucer_II
recruit_character = SCP_Finley_Phillips
recruit_character = SCP_Rob_Anglow
recruit_character = SCP_Homeland_Peoples_Council
#Mil Leaders
recruit_character = SCP_George_Livingston_III
#Highcom
recruit_character = SCP_army_entrenchment
recruit_character = SCP_air_chief_reform
recruit_character = SCP_navy_chief_decisive_battle
recruit_character = SCP_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = SCP_military_theorist
recruit_character = SCP_army_regrouping
recruit_character = SCP_navy_chief_naval_aviation
recruit_character = SCP_air_chief_ground_support
recruit_character = SCP_air_bomber_interception
recruit_character = SCP_army_infantry
recruit_character = SCP_army_chief_defensive
recruit_character = SCP_army_chief_offensive
recruit_character = SCP_army_chief_maneuver
recruit_character = SCP_army_commando
#advisors
recruit_character = SCP_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = SCP_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = SCP_quartermaster_general
recruit_character = SCP_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = SCP_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = SCP_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = SCP_war_industrialist
recruit_character = SCP_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = SCP_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = SCP_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = SCP_democratic_reformer