capital = 1056

oob = "SDU_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 25
	communism = 15
		#banned = no #default is no
	neutrality = 50
}


recruit_character = SDU_P_Methibradas
recruit_character = SDU_J_Q_Naritya
recruit_character = SDU_H_Bhordrel
recruit_character = SDU_G_Vilpandria
recruit_character = SDU_L_Umsarvetya

recruit_character = SDU_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = SDU_popular_figurehead
recruit_character = SDU_quartermaster_general
recruit_character = SDU_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = SDU_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = SDU_democratic_reformer
#military leaders
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = SDU_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = SDU_naval_leader_5
#Theorists
recruit_character = SDU_military_theorist
recruit_character = SDU_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = SDU_naval_theorist


recruit_character = SDU_army_entrenchment
recruit_character = SDU_air_chief_reform
recruit_character = SDU_navy_chief_decisive_battle
recruit_character = SDU_army_regrouping
recruit_character = SDU_navy_chief_naval_aviation
recruit_character = SDU_air_chief_ground_support
recruit_character = SDU_air_bomber_interception
recruit_character = SDU_army_infantry
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_defensive
recruit_character = SDU_army_chief_offensive
set_convoys = 80