capital = 925

oob = "TIQ_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.1.24"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 21
	fascism = 17
	communism = 21
	neutrality = 41
}
	
set_convoys = 120
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1

recruit_character = TIQ_manuel_esquidero
recruit_character = TIQ_juan_david_aulavacia
recruit_character = TIQ_pablo_enrique_todosantos
recruit_character = TIQ_juan_diego_marquez
recruit_character = TIQ_pedro_orejon_saldivar
recruit_character = TIQ_eduardo_alonso
recruit_character = TIQ_luis_podesta_costa
recruit_character = TIQ_pedro_pablo_ramirez
recruit_character = TIQ_hortensio_quijano
recruit_character = TIQ_thomas_martinez
recruit_character = TIQ_antonio_parodi
recruit_character = TIQ_jose_tamborni
recruit_character = TIQ_uribaldi_diaz_brittenberg
recruit_character = TIQ_eleazar_videla
recruit_character = TIQ_pedro_s_casal
recruit_character = TIQ_heriberto_la_galine
recruit_character = TIQ_edelmiro_farrell
recruit_character = TIQ_francisco_m_velez
recruit_character = TIQ_ramon_castillo
recruit_character = TIQ_manuel_maria_de_iriondo
recruit_character = TIQ_manuel_a_rodriguez
recruit_character = TIQ_agustin_pedro_justo
#military leaders
recruit_character = TIQ_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = TIQ_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = TIQ_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = TIQ_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = TIQ_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = TIQ_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = TIQ_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = TIQ_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = TIQ_naval_leader_5
#advisors
#recruit_character = TIQ_anti_communist_crusader
#recruit_character = TIQ_armaments_organizer
#recruit_character = TIQ_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = TIQ_captain_of_industry
recruit_character = TIQ_communist_revolutionary
#recruit_character = TIQ_compassionate_gentleman
recruit_character = TIQ_democratic_reformer
#recruit_character = TIQ_economist
#recruit_character = TIQ_editor
recruit_character = TIQ_fascist_demagogue
#recruit_character = TIQ_financial_expert
#recruit_character = TIQ_head_of_intelligence
#recruit_character = TIQ_ideological_crusader
#recruit_character = TIQ_popular_figurehead
#recruit_character = TIQ_prince_of_terror
#recruit_character = TIQ_silent_workhorse
#recruit_character = TIQ_smooth_talking_charmer
recruit_character = TIQ_war_industrialist
