capital = 1087

oob = "UTU_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 18
	communism = 12
		#banned = no #default is no
	neutrality = 60
}


recruit_character = UTU_P_H_B_Gashmratavi
recruit_character = UTU_E_Samprivana
recruit_character = UTU_O_Newansvraba
recruit_character = UTU_J_Nalvahal
recruit_character = UTU_naibhotre_begvresha
recruit_character = UTU_mani_ganguly
recruit_character = UTU_dabran_chandragahal
recruit_character = UTU_ravi_lakhanpashat
recruit_character = UTU_minaki_meiya
recruit_character = UTU_surya_bhinampa
recruit_character = UTU_ajarhruna_devingahal
recruit_character = UTU_shivva_kamhashahal
recruit_character = UTU_vijayanu_igenshamparath
recruit_character = UTU_sahanil_amanprahal
recruit_character = UTU_rama_answatha
recruit_character = UTU_karthikar_sengathamptra
recruit_character = UTU_nuermak_sokamanji
recruit_character = UTU_farsij_nalamethahal
recruit_character = UTU_laksheth_vattachay
recruit_character = UTU_devak_sathindrigahal
recruit_character = UTU_rejath_khumpa
recruit_character = UTU_nethinga_gayennam
recruit_character = UTU_kijiran_vrishejath
recruit_character = UTU_venalam_uparthang
recruit_character = UTU_jaisal_singprana
recruit_character = UTU_kathal_pillasavva
recruit_character = UTU_rishi_sharma
recruit_character = UTU_lekesh_patelmahal
recruit_character = UTU_diyavva_sanesh
recruit_character = UTU_navanagaya_pisathandra
recruit_character = UTU_vihs_mashangmahal
recruit_character = UTU_praveesh_kamhathevvan
recruit_character = UTU_shakwan_banshigath
recruit_character = UTU_vitamvash_sabwagthal
recruit_character = UTU_sauraba_mashathavvat
recruit_character = UTU_yangkath_ramamahal
recruit_character = UTU_hiten_bhame
recruit_character = UTU_jaan_varshamgahal
recruit_character = UTU_pranpat_rebimathavva
recruit_character = UTU_barisinath_emgarshangahal
recruit_character = UTU_jagwarap_senbahathy
set_convoys = 80