capital = 1196

oob = "VSH_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1934.1.28"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 100
}

set_convoys = 80

recruit_character = VSH_neqrumunj_drmudril
recruit_character = VSH_zojjua_qsars
recruit_character = VSH_vrepil_oruqijjla
recruit_character = VSH_drajjiq_horvad
recruit_character = VSH_miql_litjun
recruit_character = VSH_ergun_landiq
recruit_character = VSH_harul_ijjris
recruit_character = VSH_bijjo_pundrapez
recruit_character = VSH_orutli_usamirez
recruit_character = VSH_laqanziz_djuntsa
recruit_character = VSH_chameru_dahijjiq
recruit_character = VSH_mairat_hyrden
recruit_character = VSH_surumuj_anuasid
recruit_character = VSH_dzaris_tseminui
recruit_character = VSH_marejja_dzor
recruit_character = VSH_duqum_nietalli
recruit_character = VSH_lobur_dashim
recruit_character = VSH_murjiq_orqijun
recruit_character = VSH_dzor_gindi
recruit_character = VSH_gordnau_hajjise
recruit_character = VSH_midja_mahriq
recruit_character = VSH_enli_usasor
recruit_character = VSH_sayado_puulran
recruit_character = VSH_hualpor_dusur
recruit_character = VSH_djrov_tsuus
