capital = 1064

oob = "ZER_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
starting_train_buffer = 5
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	PRJ_spy_defense
}

set_politics = {

	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 15
		fascism = 15
		communism = 10
			#banned = no #default is no
		neutrality = 60
		}

set_convoys = 100

recruit_character = ZER_King_Aleksanaros
recruit_character = ZER_Kosma_Angaelos
recruit_character = ZER_Yeshak_Moussa
recruit_character = ZER_Sarabion_El_Shawan
recruit_character = ZER_Krystafer_Awad

recruit_character = ZER_silent_workhorse
recruit_character = ZER_war_industrialist
recruit_character = ZER_backroom_backstabber
recruit_character = ZER_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = ZER_armaments_organizer
recruit_character = ZER_democratic_politician
recruit_character = ZER_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = ZER_communist_revolutionary
recruit_character = ZER_grand_fleet_proponent
recruit_character = ZER_victory_through_airpower
recruit_character = ZER_rocket_scientist
recruit_character = ZER_naval_theorist
recruit_character = ZER_military_theorist
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_morale_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_offensive_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_drill_2
recruit_character = ZER_army_chief_planning_2
recruit_character = ZER_navy_naval_air_defense_2
recruit_character = ZER_navy_fleet_logistics_3
recruit_character = ZER_navy_chief_decisive_battle_3
recruit_character = ZER_navy_chief_maneuver_3
recruit_character = ZER_air_strategic_bombing_2
recruit_character = ZER_air_chief_old_guard
recruit_character = ZER_air_strategic_bombing_1
recruit_character = ZER_navy_screen_2	
recruit_character = ZER_army_regrouping_1
recruit_character = ZER_navy_capital_ship_3
recruit_character = ZER_air_naval_strike_1
recruit_character = ZER_navy_carrier_2
#military leaders
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = ZER_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = ZER_naval_leader_5

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Neta-Axiqan"
	type = light_tank_chassis_0
	parent_version = 0
	modules = {
		main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
		turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
		suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
		armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
		engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
	}
	upgrades = {
		tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
		tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
	}
}