capital = 1264

oob = "ZIE_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_destroyer = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	basic_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_train = 1	
}

set_convoys = 150

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.5.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
	}

set_popularities = {
		democratic = 30
		fascism = 30
		communism = 20
		neutrality = 20
	}

recruit_character = ZIE_braam_alberdingk
recruit_character = ZIE_ambroos_buelen
recruit_character = ZIE_gillis_bezuidenhout
recruit_character = ZIE_jurriaan_hummel
recruit_character = ZIE_marnix_koopman
recruit_character = ZIE_martijn_rademaker
recruit_character = ZIE_adriaan_dijxhoorn
recruit_character = ZIE_godfried_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = ZIE_maarten_belzer
recruit_character = ZIE_jan_goudriaan
recruit_character = ZIE_henri_winkelman
recruit_character = ZIE_jacob_adriaan_de_wilde
recruit_character = ZIE_izaak_reijnders
recruit_character = ZIE_charles_douw_van_der_krap
recruit_character = ZIE_prince_bernhard
recruit_character = ZIE_petrus_wilhelmus_best
recruit_character = ZIE_hein_ter_poorten
recruit_character = ZIE_cornelis_van_geelkerken
recruit_character = ZIE_hendrik_seyffardt
recruit_character = ZIE_meinout_rost_van_tonningen
recruit_character = ZIE_antonie_pannekoek
recruit_character = ZIE_adrianus_rudolphus_van_den_bent
recruit_character = ZIE_walraven_van_hall
recruit_character = ZIE_nico_van_straten
recruit_character = ZIE_marius_raaijmakers
recruit_character = ZIE_hendrik_van_oyen
recruit_character = ZIE_conrad_helfrich
recruit_character = ZIE_willem_schermerhorn
recruit_character = ZIE_anton_de_kom
recruit_character = ZIE_karel_doorman
recruit_character = ZIE_johan_furstner
recruit_character = ZIE_saul_de_groot
#military leaders
recruit_character = ZIE_corps_commander_1
recruit_character = ZIE_corps_commander_2
recruit_character = ZIE_corps_commander_3
recruit_character = ZIE_corps_commander_4
recruit_character = ZIE_naval_leader_1
recruit_character = ZIE_naval_leader_2
recruit_character = ZIE_naval_leader_3
recruit_character = ZIE_naval_leader_4
recruit_character = ZIE_naval_leader_5
